{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <apex:page>\
    <h1>\
        Nonrecurring Expense Fund Form\
    </h1>\
    <apex:form>\
  <apex:pageBlock title= "Requesting Organization(s)">\
      <apex:page standardController="Account" recordSetVar="accounts">\
    <apex:pageBlockTable value="\{!accounts\}" var="acc">\
      <apex:column value="\{!acc.name\}"/>\
    </apex:pageBlockTable>\
      </apex:page>\
    </apex:pageBlock>\
    \
        <h2>\
            Total Amount Requested \
        </h2> //an input field \
         \
        //*apex:input value="! " id="/> \
        //^errorcode; Component apex:input> in '/apex/NEFform1' requires HTML docType version 5.0 or higher in NEFform1 at line 18\
        //description of Request\
        \
        //timeframe (date input, start to end)\
        \
        //Related NEF requests, a list. \
        \
        //Governance Documentation (be able to attach files)\
        \
        //Unique Investment Identifier (UII): for each NEF request, take it from the NEF data object\
        \
        //What other IT systems (if any) will be impacted by this investment? Q: add a list of other organizations? \
        Can this be just a text field?\
		\
        // Who are the customers/stakeholders for this investment? Q: add Contacts list here? Should field inputs be present for new Contact creation? \
\
        // Will this NEF request fund modernization of an identified Legacy IT system? Q: Yes/No question?\
\
        // Please provide a NEF IT point of contact for this request. Q: Linked list to Contacts and the lead for this request?\
        //Is there a limit on the number of points of contact?\
    </apex:form>\
    \
</apex:page>}